Good morning.
Good morning. How are we? We are well, thank you. Good.
Looks harder to pronounce than my, oh, okay.
Um, how do we pronounce your sun?
Um, Ky j
Greg Ky Azu.
I mean, you've got the spelling. Greg.
Great to have you here. Um, we have you here for 10 minutes.
Uh, present your petition.
You may use all of that time if you wish.
If you want to leave time for members to ask questions,
you can, I'll hand that time over to you now.
Thank you. Uh, thank you very much.
Um, it's about clock summer. Yeah. Um, okay.
Um, thanks, representatives, uh, members, chair, staff.
Um, uh, thanks for the opportunity to present this snapshot
of the case I make
to urgently withdraw the COVID injectable products.
And I just make the point. I'm not alone in this endeavor.
Um, I've circulated paperwork in advance
and I aim to fill it out with something a bit stronger
as well, or, um, more details.
'cause it's very hard to encapsulate everything that, um,
that has implication here in respect to the COVID vaccines
and separate it from the overall COVID project.
Um, the response of the government.
Uh, the first thing I introduce is the tribute, which is
the people who have been injured by these vaccines
or these countermeasures.
Um, so Linda Wharton, uh, alongside Gail Barnes, the woman
that did the film, um, uh, river of Freedom, um,
have been doing 20 minute cameos of New Zealanders
that have been injured by the vaccines.
And there's thousands of them. Okay.
Now, um,
I've identified in my papers like the underreporting
of pharmaco vigilant systems.
Um, so no one really knows the full impact. Okay?
Um, the second thing I make, uh, observations I make in my,
um, paper to you is that, um,
until Parliament and public are provided with the full
and transparent view of the full data
and decision making, distrust
and suspicion remain, I mean, people are talking about
how do we bridge the gap between, you know,
the credibility gap between the institutions and the public.
Um, um, well, only through sunlight,
full disclosure of what's going on
until the full truth is made public and known distrust
and suspicion mediate exchanges in the democracy
and with key institutions.
And in preparing for this, I, um, en listed the help
of a machine learning tool called Alter ai.
Now, its spin right, is
in large letters there that the AI that tells the truth.
No corporate spin, no censorship, just clarity,
independence, and honest answers
that respect one's intelligence.
Okay? And I've entered into four discussions with it,
various aspects of the COVID, um, products,
and, um, those are attached as appendix's A, B, C, and D.
And there might have been a problem with appendix C,
and I've submitted a new paper this morning, um,
which may have been made a may have been swapped out,
but I'll make sure with the staff that you have a full,
um, composite of the documents that I've put forward.
And the other statement I make in my paper is I'm not
relying on the AI inputs, however they appear to align
and cohere with the material I have presented previously
to this house through various initiatives, various,
and my paper reasons for advancing this petition, uh, a
and b deal with how to populate spreadsheets
and how to make a pitch to you guys.
So I don't follow anyone's particular orders
and generally like, uh, follow my own, the beat
of my own drum, but I've included the documents in full.
Um, so that the commission, I mean, so that, um, the,
uh, health committee appreciates the questions
that are asked and the responses that came back.
Um, in respect to the various questions.
Um, each of the, um, appendices run to about 20 pages
of back and forth, mostly the AI talking.
So what are the harms caused by the vaccination
with the COVID products?
Um, and these are all the costs
and harms caused to New Zealand, not by
the COVID response policy of elimination of viral infection
until vaccination to obtain,
obtain herd level immunity, which was policy.
Um, so we have a few data points
to enable a scientific perspective
of the med medical intervention, mostly
through the persistence
of independent researchers and whistleblowers.
However much of the data is held exclusively
by government agencies
and their contracted parties,
including the vaccine manufacturers, right?
And that's all held quietly
and in secret, it's not disclosed to the public.
And the harms from the vaccines
could fall along a continuum, right?
A time continuum.
And, um, and so Appendix D,
which I had that chat yesterday with the ai,
it sets it out in a small tab table on the bottom
of page three of the document.
So the first, um,
graphic area is the timeframe,
the second is the dominant me, uh, mechanism.
And the third are examples.
So within minutes or hours of in, um, uh, um, inoculation,
uh, people might suffer immediate hypersensitivity.
And as a result of that, suffer anaphylaxis
or arrhythmia, right in the days
and weeks following vaccination, spike induced vascular
or immune injury.
So if one understands the, uh, mechanism
of the spike protein, it goes into the blood vessels, it,
it, um, hits anything with an ACE two receptor.
So that's all the cells in the endothelium,
which is all the cells that line the blood system.
So that was the mechanism that the brains trust used to
do these vaccines.
Everything had to have a spike protein.
So everyone's that took 'em has damage
to their vascular system.
Um, in months
and years following vaccination, uh,
the conditions of chronic inflammation,
immune dysregulation, autoimmunity, cancer acceleration,
and fertility issues,
these all came out in the earliest post-marketing documents
from Pfizer, which were back in April of 2021.
Again, the AI says there is clear biological plausibility
for long-term adverse consequences.
What is urgently required is unrestricted access
to raw data from the manufacturers on bio distribution,
persistence and cumulative toxicity
until independent replication is allowed.
Any narrative of safe
and effective remains unscientific propaganda.
That's this way, it's not mine.
I say also urgently required are the full data
that the government holds in respect
to the overall population, their health
and COVID-19 vaccination status in all the usual
demographics and age brackets and anonymized, of course.
Now, in respect to this, this wouldn't be happening except
for the COVID response.
The COVID response was predetermined by the government
with its elimination policy formalized somewhere prior
to its publication, which was 15th April, 2020.
International agents
and institutions drove the overall policy sentence in
New Zealand and more jurisdictions.
We were not alone in what we did alter
AI notes the following in the conclusion of appendix C.
Right? The tragedy in New Zealand
and in all compliant nations is not primarily
that errors were made,
but that no one was allowed to correct them.
Right? So the info demic was used as an excuse not to listen
to any alternative views.
Yeah. I wanna sort of just run through the key points. Okay?
So in May, 2021,
the government two minutes left.
Okay. The government's use of
S 23 provisional approval in the Medicines Act, right?
1981 to make market products was deemed to be unlawful
by the high court because S 23 only applied
to a limited number of persons.
So the government rushed urgent legislation
through the house to ensure it, it, um, applied
to all persons.
And in doing that, the only difference between S 20
and S 23 is
that S 21 2 H doesn't apply reports
of toxicological, pharmacological
and clinical studies that support the application.
They do not apply to provisional approved products.
So these products were rushed to market without proper
scientific study of their toxicological nature
and their pharmacological nature.
Okay, I want to go down to
the last part, repairing the damage.
So in the discussion with the ai,
and there are many other people that, um, have
put forward ways of clearing the spike
and the, um, lipid nanoparticles from the people
that have been injected with it.
Now, in that appendix, there is a detailed listing of
how people, well might be without giving medical advice,
but how different agents that will clear spike, which will
to, um, clear other elements
of the LNP from people's systems.
But also part of that discussion is in healing society.
Correct? We're at time now in healing society.
We also need to be honest
and transparent with each other about what has taken place.
Thank you very much for your time and your patience.
And again, apologies for running late this morning.
The traffic, not at all.
Thank you for your submission to the committee.
Thank you, Greg.
All right, We'll move back to.